OK we'll come back will.
So now if we have all three files downloaded here just go ahead and minimize Firefox.
That's all you need to do there.
Now open up your file manager in windows go into Downloads folder and in the Downloads folder find file
called Adam set.
It will have a green icon.
Just go ahead and double click on it to start it.
Click on run and wait for it.
Adam is not the fastest one out there I can tell you that much in terms of development environments.
I think even the eclipse starts faster but it's not really a big deal.
Once you it's really well adjusted for our needs it's free.
And if if the installation takes a while just let it run just let it go.
Go make a cup of coffee or something.
It should be fine.
This is the virtual machine so it's a little bit slower but it's running on a PCI based SSD and that
should help me out a little bit.
If you're running it on HDD it might be a little bit slower for you but no worries there whatsoever.
Just let it run as you can see it will finish there and then it needs to auto start after it finishes.
Just wait a while for it to auto start the first steps are a little bit painstakingly.
Well not a little bit there actually painstakingly slow but no big deal there.
Don't go about clicking around thinking that there is something wrong.
There isn't.
It's just it's just the start up procedure.
So you need you need to wait for it a little bit.
We will need to actually install node just as well and then we will need to load the project into the
Adam ID and after that we also need to actually do a few things in the QuickStart master as well as
he can see that spinning the blue thing is spinning next to my mouse so something is still happening
in the back.
Don't go about opening things while this is happening just wait for it to start for the first time.
It's still loading putting some things together even though you don't actually see much of it happening
on the screen itself.
It could have actually made the video shorter.
We could have just double clicked on the installation went through the installation and then cut out
this bit.
This long wait.
But I wanted to leave it in primarily due to the fact that in all likelihood you will face the same
thing when you conduct your installation.
And I don't want you to think that something went wrong because it really didn't and I'm just waiting
for it to start.
There we go.
So it did take a while but after a while it did load and start later on it will be faster while you
actually work in it.
But for the time being the first startup is painstakingly slow.
OK now that this is done we can go ahead and install KNode.
J.S..
So there will be a file called node and then there will be a version number next to it.
Just go ahead and double click on it and click on run again.
It should be faster so just go ahead and click on.
Next accept the license agreement and sign your life away in all likelihood.
Then click on next and next again next install Yes.
This process should be fairly fast you shouldn't encounter any difficulties here.
Should finish relatively it should.
It should even finish faster for you and go ahead and click on finish.
Excellent.
Now the data is noted that is done we need to go back to Adam and click on open project.
Now if you've done this before and something went wrong and you're doing it again you might have some
metadata remaining and you might get the same screen as me so you can also click on file and
then you will have ADD project folder so you can also click on that and then look for the project here.
But we're not going to do that now.
We're going to go ahead and click on open project and then we're going to click on Open Project here
again.
This might be a little bit slow but I don't know it was slow for me once but if it's slow for you the
first time around.
Just relax don't go clicking around.
Don't click on Open Project 100 times just click on it once and wait for it to finish.
So you need to go again on the monitor again.
You need to go to desktops or this PC and then desktop where we have downloaded QuickStart select the
folder.
Open it up and that's it.
So it will say this PC desktop QuickStart master click on select folder and you will get and this will
load for you all these files so if I click on them they will they will open up on the right side where
you will have all these things here.
So no big deal there.
The next thing it will do is open up ACMD So go to this search bar here and type in C. m d.
Press enter and the default location wants to see him the is open.
In most scenarios is basically your user your user folders so it will say see users and then your user
name.
My username on this particular machine is test.
I have created it like that because I'm only going to use this machine in order to create this course.
So go ahead and type in CD space desktop backslash QuickStart press enter and then type in and p m space
install.
That's all you need to type in and then press enter.
Wait for it now NPM install my.
Might take a while but also it might.
You might get an error unrecognized command if you have actually started this up prior to actually installing.
No genius you need to install no JS and then open C and D.
Otherwise it won't actually work the way you expected it to work and you need to be in the QuickStart
Dasch master folder in order to run this command.
So this is running and it is going to run as long as it needs to in order to actually obtain everything
that it needs.
So there are some failures with dependencies but it's going to.
These are warnings not errors.
As long as it's a warning it's going to go through.
Everything else can be fixed later as we go along.
Our mayor as we proceed along our merry way
again don't freak out if this takes a while if this spinning thing here is making you dizzy feel free
to just minimize the terminal or something.
Whatever doesn't really matter it's just going to take a while for it to finish.
So it's just up there you go.
Just space or something and it's going to continue on spinning on and I'm a little bit disoriented when
they see d in Windows generally used to dealing with a Linux terminal which is far superior to this
but no big deal.
The commands in terms of and PM are exec are pretty much the same so you won't have any problems there
for as long as you don't get any errors.
Your you are good to go.
It's a warning.
Once again it's fine.
This can be fixed later.
As you can see the some package has been depreciated and discontinued in favor of another.
This is not a big deal for us at this point in time.
Ah the spinning the spinning backslash.
Will it ever finish.
Hopefully it will.
Oh yeah make sure while you're doing this that you are connected to the net.
So just verify that you are.
You can either ping something or do something similar like that.
No big deal.
I know that I'm connected I can see it here.
I says connected but I always check with a ping but doesn't really matter.
I'm pretty sure that you will be connected to the net while you are doing this anyway.
Because obviously I'll be watching it online so you'll be able to see it.
Excellent.
This is all done.
It's all fine and dandy.
We didn't get any errors.
None that I can see anyway.
The next command you need to type in is and the and space start.
So this is going to start and there we go.
Almost happening.
OK allow access.
It's important that you click on allow access.
Otherwise it won't work and there you go.
It's a localhost Colan 3000 local host is the address and then Colan 3000 is the port and it says my
first angular to app.
So the development web server is running.
All is fine and dandy there.
No big deal.
Now we need to go back to Adam and we need to go to.
We need to we need a we need something for.
Well this is not a strict requirement but it would be very nice to have it.
We're going to go ahead and click on packages and we're going to go to settings view and then down below.
We're going to go ahead and click on manage packages a finer mistaken
it like a justice and we just go up there we go.
Let me just move this and then from package's move downwards go to install and then search for a package
package that you need to search for is Adam Dasch type type script.
My apologies for my phone.
It's just Adam typescript.
And go ahead and click on packages and it says searching for packages.
The very first one that comes along it says Adam typescript the only typescript plugin you will ever
need.
I don't believe a word of that.
OK.
Just go ahead and click on install and the installation should go through eventually.
Yesterday I think that the server was down.
We were unable to perform the installation but hopefully today the installation should go through just
fine.
Again one of those painstakingly long procedures just let it run if it doesn't.
If it doesn't happen to you at the time of the installation just add an old truck.
Try it.
Try it a little bit later or something like that.
Why I really can't help you with this.
It's up to the server on the other end that's all that there is to it.
It's not really up to me it's up to the good graces of the service provider
installation procedure is it.
No I've clicked on it.
Install come on my good man today please.
I'm just going to let it hang there for a while and then I'm going to come back to you.
I will tell you for how long to die.
Let it hang.
Ok sorry for the delay.
I was just checking my task manager whether I actually had any network traffic of whatsoever.
I have waited for 7 minutes for this to install now the installation is not long but there was a limit
in terms of traffic and I imagine that at the time when I was doing this during the night a lot of people
were pulling at the same time so I'm just going to go ahead and close the task manager.
But it's installed now just in case.
This is running a bit long for you.
That's nothing unusual.
A lot of people are pulling it you can while this is happening while it says Install and that bar is
spinning.
You can go ahead and type in Task Manager and open it up though.
Yes I did.
So it's your task manager if you're opening it up for the first time it's going to look like this.
Just go ahead and click on more details then go to performance and then go to Ethernet.
And here you will see network traffic happening so if there is a lot of network traffic obviously it's
attempting to download it if you don't have any other websites open or anything like that.
If there isn't then might be a problem.
But as I said I waited for the whole 7 minutes to get in line to be able to download it.
So don't worry about it.
Just click on install and have a cup of coffee or something like that.
Now that is done.
Our environment is set up to the fullest extent.
We have the development server.
We have our I.D. the Quick's angular QuickStart is loaded up and no JS is installed.
Everything is set up configured and as it should be.
From this point on.
Along our merry way we will most likely do some cosmetic things.
I will.
You will tune it to your liking and I will tune it to mine.
I will set the font size for myself.
You will set the font sizes for you.
I will show you of course how to do this.
We will have an introduction video where I will explain the features of Adam I id and where is what
an orientation of a sort if you will.
But what you need to know now is that our environment is fully set up and good to go as it is everything
it will do with environment.
In the fall of the story or something like that will mostly be cosmetic changes and also of course along
the way as we code and create our project we might do some other changes and I will show them in great
detail to you so you won't miss out on anything.
I won't do anything without actually showing it to you and showing it how you can do it your selves.
OK so I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and hopefully we shall see each other in the follow
up tutorial.